Update aggregates.md (#3789)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/sql/functions/aggregates.md

<div class="nostroke_table"></div>

| **Description** | Calculates the sum of all non-null values in `arg`. |
| **Example** | `sum(A)` |
| **Alias(es)** | - |

### Nulls

> All general aggregate functions except for `list` and its `array_agg` alias ignore `NULL`s. 

Author: ```suggestion
All general aggregate functions except for `list` and `first` (and their aliases `array_agg` and `arbitrary`, respectively) ignore `NULL`s. 
```

> To exclude `NULLs` from `list` you can use a [`FILTER` clause]({% link docs/sql/query_syntax/filter.md %}).

Author: ```suggestion
To exclude `NULL`s from `list`, you can use a [`FILTER` clause]({% link docs/sql/query_syntax/filter.md %}). To ignore `NULL`s from `first`, you can use the `any_value` aggregate. 
```
